DESIGN.md, before:

# Design

2nft consists of three parts. The user facing part is a [Angular][a]
application. The Angular app communicates with a server running a small HTTP
API. The couple of HTTP methods implemented are described below.  If you are not
familiar with JavaScript, the server component here is a [Node.js][n]
application. The server has three dependencies express, body-parser and nodeman.
The two former ones are used when running the server but the last one is only
meant for local development. The exact versions are available in the
[package.json](./package.json).



## API

The server consists of three GET and one POST methods.

- GET  `/version` - uses git to find iptables revision.
- GET  `/help` - runs `iptables-translate --help`
- GET  `/werbinich` runs `whoami`
- POST `/translate` - runs `iptables-translate <input>`

As you might have guessed, the third part is forwarding all the rules to
[iptables-translate][i].  The server uses a child process to execute to
`iptables-translate` with the POSTed values. Some input sanitizing is applied to
prevent the user from abusing the system.

[a]: https://angularjs.org/
[e]: https://expressjs.com/ 
[i]: http://git.netfilter.org/iptables/tree/ 
[n]: https://nodejs.org/en/

Commit message:

DESIGN: minor improvements
o sort methods from longest to shortest sentence.
o add missing download endpoint.
o reword first paragraph.
o use smaller headings.

Signed-off-by: Alexander Alemayhu <alexander@alemayhu.com>

DESIGN.md, after:

## Design

2nft consists of three parts. The user facing part is a [Angular][a]
application. The Angular app communicates with a server running a small HTTP
API. The couple of methods implemented are described below.  If you are not
familiar with JavaScript, the server component here is a [Node.js][n]
application. The server has three dependencies express, body-parser and
nodeman.  The two former ones are used when running the server but the last one
is only meant for local development. The exact versions are available in the
[package.json](./package.json).



### API

The server consists of four GET and one POST methods.

- POST `/translate` - runs `iptables-translate <input>` returns new rules and
  hash which can be used for downloading the file.
- GET  `/download/:hash` - sends the file if it exists or redirects to `/help`.
- GET  `/version` - returns iptables revision from git output.
- GET  `/help` - returns `iptables-translate --help` output.
- GET  `/werbinich` - returns `whoami` output.

As you might have guessed, the third part is forwarding all the rules to
[iptables-translate][i].  The server uses a child process to execute to
`iptables-translate` with the POSTed values. Some input sanitizing is applied to
prevent the user from abusing the system.

[a]: https://angularjs.org/
[e]: https://expressjs.com/ 
[i]: http://git.netfilter.org/iptables/tree/ 
[n]: https://nodejs.org/en/
